Last updated: September 8, 2023.
1. Introduction
1.1. Acceptance of Terms: These Terms of Service, including our code of conduct (“Code of
Conduct”) and privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) (collectively, the “Terms”), apply to your use
of the services offered by The Association for Cube Commons (“Cube Commons”, “we”,
“our”, “us”). The Terms apply to use of our website at [LINK AND INSERT URLs], as well as
our app, DAO, NFTs, governance token, and any other services we offer (collectively, “Cube
Services”). Please read the Terms carefully, including the Code of Conduct and Privacy
Policy. These documents are a binding legal agreement between you and Cube Commons,
or, if you are using Cube Services on behalf of an organization, between your organization
and Cube Commons. The words “you” or “your” in these Terms refer to the person or
organization that has agreed to the Terms. If you are using Cube Services or creating an
Account on behalf of an organization, you represent that you have the authority to bind the
organization to the Terms. By using Cube Services or by creating an account, you
acknowledge that you have read and agree to the Terms.
1.2. Changes to Terms: We may make changes to the Terms, including the Privacy Policy, at
any time and without notice to you. The changes are effective immediately after the new
Terms are posted to our website. By continuing to use Cube Services after the Terms have
been updated, you acknowledge and agree to the updated Terms. Cube Commons may
take steps to notify you of important changes to the Terms by placing a notice in the Cube
Services or by sending an email to the email address you used to sign up.
1.3. Privacy Policy: Your use of the Cube Services and any information you submit using the
Cube Services are subject to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference in these
Terms.
1.4. Additional Terms: These Terms contain sections that apply to participants in the Cube
DAO (section 7) and to Creators and the Creator IP they upload (section 8 (Creator
Contract)). If you are a Creator or a participant in the Cube DAO, you acknowledge that you
have read these sections carefully and agree to them. For organizations, you represent to
Cube Commons that you have authority to bind your organization to these Terms and agree
to these Terms on behalf of your organization.
1.5. Definitions: Capitalized words in these Terms have the definitions given to them in these
Terms.
2. Account Creation
2.1. Account Creation: You need to create an account to use certain Cube Services and to
become a part (“Community Member”) of our community (“Cube Community”). Keep your
Account secure and protect your password. You are responsible for the actions of anyone
using your Account, whether you have authorized that use or not. For individuals, your
Account, including your username and password, are unique to you and should not be
shared with anyone. For organizations, your Account, including your username and
password, should not be shared with anyone outside of your organization.
2.2. Account Email: You must provide a valid email address when you sign up for an Account.
Any notices we need to send you will be sent to the email address associated with your
Account.
2.3. Profile: You may create a profile to be used in the Cube Community, including a name, a
picture, a link, and a small block of text (“Profile”). Profiles do not have to be under your
legal name, but must be in compliance with our Code of Conduct. A Profile is not required to
use Cube Services, but is required to become a Creator.
2.4. Profile Content: You retain copyright and other rights you have in your Profile. By
submitting material to your Profile, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual,
irrevocable, royalty-free, assignable, transferable, and sub-licensable license to use,
access, store, reproduce, adapt, translate, publish, publicly perform or display, modify,
repost, create derivative works from, and distribute such material in connection with our
providing the Cube Services.
2.5. Responsibility: You understand that you are solely responsible for all material added to
your Profile. You, and not Cube Commons, are responsible for ensuring that all material in
your Profile is accurate, lawful, and does not infringe or violate anyone’s rights or our Code
of Conduct.
3. Intellectual Property
3.1. Application: This Section 3 applies to the content displayed to the public through Cube
Services. The terms for Creators who upload Content can be found in section 8 (Creator
Contract).
3.2. Rights Reserved: The Cube Services and the content displayed on Cube Services
(“Content”) are owned by us or by the rightsholders of the specific content. Cube Commons
and the rightsholders whose content is displayed through Cube Services reserve all
intellectual property rights, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, domain
names, design rights, patents, and all other intellectual property of any kind, whether
registered or unregistered anywhere in the world.
3.3. Use of Content: Cube Commons authorizes your use of the Content and the Cube
Services for your personal use in the context of the Cube Services. You may, for non-
commercial purposes, download, stream, scrape, or otherwise acquire (collectively,
“Scrape”) the metadata of Content displayed on Cube Services, including attribution
information or other descriptive information, links to the Content, and subtitles or VTT files.
You may not Scrape Content stored on other sites, or Accessibility Content provided by third
party Accessibility Service Providers, including, but not limited to, Sign Language
translations by Deaf Spectrum or other language translations, without the express prior
written consent of Cube Commons. You may not remove any trademark, copyright or other
proprietary notices, logos, watermarks, or URLs from the Content in any way. Except as set
out by these Terms or as permitted by licenses associated with Content, any copying or
reproduction of Content, in whole or in party, for commercial purposes or distribution, re-
transmission, republication, modification, reverse engineering, sale, or other exploitation of
Content without the prior written permission of the rightsholder is strictly prohibited. Cube
Commons and our Creators reserve the right to take steps as we deem necessary, including
legal action, to prevent unauthorized, infringing, or prohibited activity relating to the Content.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Content or any part of the
Cube Services immediately, without prior notice, and at our sole discretion.
4. Cube Policies
4.1. Code of Conduct: All use of Cube Services is subject to our Code of Conduct [LINK]. The
Code of Conduct is intended to keep the Cube Services safe and welcoming for everyone.
4.2. Reports: If you believe another Account holder, a Creator, or Content is in violation of the
Code of Conduct, you can report it to us by email [LINK] to [ADDRESS] or through the
contact form on our website [LINK] (“Report”). Cube Commons reviews all Reports and
keeps records of steps taken to address them.
4.3. Response: Cube Commons reserves the right to take any steps we believe are necessary
to enforce our Terms, including our Code of Conduct. Cube Commons may, without
limitation, suspend Accounts, remove Profiles or parts of Profiles, delete Playlists, or delete
or hide Content if, in our sole discretion, we believe such measures are necessary.
5. Disclaimers
5.1. Content: The Cube Services display Content provided by Creators. All statements or
opinions expressed in Content are solely the opinions and responsibility of the Creators that
own the Content. Such Content does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Cube Commons,
and we are not liable to you or any third party for the Content, information, or opinions
expressed in the Content.
5.2. Not an Archive: The Cube Services are not intended to be used as a permanent archive or
backup. You understand and accept that some or all of the Cube Services and the Content
may be moved, edited, deleted, removed, or lost at any time and without notice to Creators.
You, not Cube Commons, are solely responsible for archival of your own Content.
5.3. Third Party Websites: The Cube Services and Content may contain links or references to
third party websites that are not part of the Cube Services. Such links are not part of the
Cube Services, and as such we have no control over and accept no responsibility for the
content, material, or information contained in them. The display of a link or reference to a
third party website does not constitute an endorsement of the third party website. Your use
of third party websites may be governed by the terms and conditions and privacy policy of
that third party website.
5.4. Sole Risk: You understand and agree that use of the Cube Services and its information,
contents, and materials, including, without limitation, Profiles and Content, is at your sole
risk. The Cube Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Neither Cube
Commons nor its employees, agents, officers, directors, or members (“Cube Parties”) make
any warranty or condition of any kind, whether express or implied, regarding this site or its
information, contents, or materials, and specifically disclaim the implied warranties and
conditions of merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of
third party rights, to the maximum extent permitted by law.
5.5. No Warranties: The Cube Parties make no warranties or conditions regarding the quality,
reliability, timeliness, or security of the Cube Services, or that the Cube Services will be
uninterrupted or error-free. The Cube Parties assume no responsibility or liability for the
deletion of or failure to store or access content stored on the Cube Services. You assume
the entire risk in downloading or otherwise accessing any data, files, or other materials
obtained from third parties as part of the Cube Services. You are responsible for
implementing safeguards to protect your electronic devices and files and are responsible for
the entire cost of any service, repairs, or corrections necessary as a result of use of the
Cube Services.
6. Miscellaneous
6.1. Governing Law: The Cube Services and these Terms are governed by the laws of the
Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, principle or rule and notwithstanding
your domicile, residence or physical location.
6.2. Limitation of Liability: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will
Cube Commons or the Cube Parties be liable for any consequential, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, social, or punitive damages whatsoever, including any damages for business
interruption loss of use, loss of data, loss of revenue or profit, loss of capital, loss of
business opportunity, loss of goodwill, personal injury, loss of life, pain and suffering, or
emotional distress, whether arising out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence),
breach of privacy, or any other theory of liability or otherwise, regardless of whether such
damages were foreseeable and whether or not we were advised of the possibility of such
damages.
6.3. Severability: If any term or provision of these Terms, including the Creator Terms, is found
to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such a finding shall not affect any
other term or provision of the Terms or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or
provision in any other jurisdiction.
6.4. Headings: The headings used in these Terms are included for convenience only and will not
limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
7. Cube DAO Terms
7.1. Application: This section 7 (“Cube DAO Terms”) applies only to participants in the Cube
Commons governance DAO (“Cube DAO”) and holders of the Cube Commons governance
token (“Governance Token”). If any part of the Cube DAO Terms conflicts with any other part
of these Terms or the Creator Terms, the provisions of the Cube DAO Terms take
precedence.
7.2. Cube DAO: Cube Commons makes many decisions through the Cube DAO by vote using
Governance Tokens granted to members of the Cube Commons and to Creators who
upload Content to Cube Services.
7.3. Governance Rights: The governance rights associated with the Cube DAO and
Governance Tokens (“Governance Rights”) are subject to the bylaws of the Society for Cube
Commons, the requirements of the British Columbia Societies Act, and to decisions made
by the Cube Parties or the Cube DAO. Governance Rights may be changed at any time,
and may be made without notice to the Cube DAO or Governance Token holders.
7.4. Governance Only: You understand and agree that Governance Tokens are solely for
governance purposes, and do not represent any ownership interest, security interest, or
other proprietary right, interest, or claim in or to Cube Commons, the Cube Services, or the
Content available through Cube Services.
7.5. No Value: You understand and agree that Governance Tokens have no monetary or
exchange value, and may not be bought, sold, traded, bartered, delegated, gifted, or
otherwise exchanged. Cube Commons and the Cube Parties are not responsible to
Governance Token holders for any perceived change in the value of the Governance Token
or in the scope of Governance Rights.
7.6. Security: You are solely responsible for the security and safekeeping of your Governance
Tokens and the credentials required to access your Governance Tokens and the
Governance Rights associated with those Governance Tokens. Cube Commons and the
Cube Parties have no responsibility to assist with recovering lost or stolen Governance
Tokens or credentials.
7.7. Documentation: You are solely responsible for setting up and maintaining the technical
systems required to hold Governance Tokens and to make use of the associated
Governance Rights. Cube Commons may provide documentation or links to third party
websites or other materials (“Documentation”) for the convenience of Governance Token
holders. Cube Commons is not responsible for the accuracy, utility, or completeness of such
Documentation, or for any of the software or hardware products mentioned in the
Documentation. For greater certainty, the disclaimers and limitations of liability set out above
apply to any Documentation provided by Cube Commons.
7.8. Malicious Use: Cube Commons may, in its sole discretion, withhold, revoke, or invalidate
Governance Tokens or membership in the Cube DAO if it or the Cube DAO determines that:
a) the Governance Tokens are being used in a manner that undermines the intended
governance structure of the Cube DAO, b) a Creator is abusing the Governance Token
reward mechanism, or c) a Creator is using the Cube DAO, the Governance Tokens, or the
Governance Token reward mechanism in a manner that undermines the intended operation
of the Cube DAO or the proper allotment of Governance Rights.
8. Creator Contract
8.1. Application: This section 8 of the Terms (“Creator Contract”) applies only to Community
Members who apply to become Creators. If any part of the Creator Contract conflicts with
any other part of these Terms, the provisions of the Creator Contract take precedence.
8.2. Approval Process: Community Members who want to upload content or other intellectual
property (“Creator IP”) to Cube Services must apply to become Creators and must be
approved by a majority of Community Members who cast a vote.
8.3. Uploading Creator IP: Creator IP must meet the technical specifications we provide and
must comply with our Code of Conduct and Content Policy. Only approved Creators can
upload Creator IP to the Cube Services.
8.4. Attribution: Creators may provide information about the author, title, date, and other
information about Creator IP (“Attribution Information”) they upload to Cube Services. Cube
Commons will display Attribution Information with the Creator IP in all its uses of the Creator
IP.
8.5. Intellectual Property: Creators retain all copyright, trademark, and other rights in Creator
IP they upload to Cube Services. By uploading Creator IP, Creators grant to Cube
Commons a non-exclusive, non-assignable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license to
use, distribute, display, publicly perform, exhibit, and otherwise make available the Creator
IP through the Cube Services and any additional services Cube Commons may develop in
the future. Cube Commons may use the Creator IP, or make derivative works based on or
containing the Creator IP, for backup or storage purposes, to promote the Creator IP or the
Cube Services, to make Creator IP discoverable on the Cube Services, to promote Cube
Commons to potential member organizations, to apply for public or private grants, or for
other purposes that support the continued operation of Cube Commons and do not interfere
with the Creators’ rights to exploit the Creator IP (“Institutional Purposes”). By uploading
Creator IP to the Cube Services, Creators waive any and all claims in any jurisdiction to so-
called “moral rights” with respect to the use of the Creator IP by Cube Commons. Creators
can remove their Creator IP from the Cube Service at any time and it will no longer be made
available through the Cube Service, but Cube Commons retains the rights granted to it
under these Terms to use the Creator IP for Institutional Purposes.
8.6. Accessibility Content: When uploading Creator IP, Creators may be given the option to
have captions or other accessibility features created for the Creator IP (“Accessibility
Content”). Cube Commons holds all copyright, trademark, or other rights in Accessibility
Content created in this way. Creators may not download or reuse the Accessibility Content
or display the Accessibility Content outside of the Cube Services without the express prior
written consent of Cube Commons.
8.7. Liability for Creator IP: Creators are solely responsible for the Creator IP they upload. By
uploading Creator IP to Cube Services, the Creator represents and warrants to Cube
Commons that: a) the Creator is the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the
Creator IP, or that the Creator is the authorized representative of the owner of the Creator
IP; b) the Creator IP does not infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights or moral
rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or any other right; c) the Creator IP does not violate any
law, including laws relating to intellectual property, export of goods, advertising or marketing,
defamation, privacy, or any other law; and d) comply with the Code of Conduct.
8.8. Earning Governance Tokens: Creators earn Governance Tokens for uploading Creator IP
to Cube Services. The number of Governance Tokens earned for uploading Creator IP will
be determined by the Cube DAO.
8.9. NFTs: Creators may request the opportunity to partner with Cube Commons to produce and
sell non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”) based on the Creator IP. The production and sale of NFTs
will be governed by a separate contract between Cube Commons and the Creator.
8.10. Indemnification: Creators will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cube Commons and
its directors, employees, agents, and successors from and against any loss, damage,
liability, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties,
fines, costs, or expenses of any kind, including legal fees and the costs of enforcing this
right to indemnification or pursuing any insurance providers, arising out of or in connection
with any third party claim, suit, action, or proceeding relating to any actual or alleged
breaches by the Creator of its representations, warranties, covenants, conditions, or other
obligations hereunder.
8.11. Exclusion of Damages: With the exception of the Creator’s indemnification obligations or
wilful misconduct or gross negligence by either party, neither the Creator or Cube Commons
will be liable in connection with these Terms for indirect, incidental, consequential,
liquidated, special, exemplary, or aggravated damages or penalties, including, without
limitation, losses of business, revenue, or anticipated profits, regardless of whether such
damage was foreseeable and whether such party has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.
8.12. Waiver of Injunctive Relief: The Creator hereby waives its right to injunctive and other
equitable relief in the event of a dispute with Cube Commons. The Creator has no right to
enjoin or interfere with the production, distribution, exploitation, advertising, or promotion of
the Cube Services.
8.13. Amendments: These Terms, including the Creator Terms, may only be amended, modified,
or supplemented by an agreement in writing and signed by each party.